PlayerPositionX: 200
PlayerPositionY: 200
BuildingSize: 5
buildings_posX0: 360
buildings_posY0: 320
buildings_type0: Factory
buildings_texture0: factory
buildings_posX1: 480
buildings_posY1: 360
buildings_type1: Factory
buildings_texture1: factory
buildings_posX2: 600
buildings_posY2: 360
buildings_type2: Factory
buildings_texture2: factory
buildings_posX3: 840
buildings_posY3: 840
buildings_type3: Factory
buildings_texture3: factory
buildings_posX4: 80
buildings_posY4: 440
buildings_type4: Factory
buildings_texture4: factory
